if you were aboard the international
space station as humanity made contact
with the first aliens
however that alien happened to be the
apex predator of
mars would you know how to survive in
this video i'm going to be teaching you
how to beat calvin from the movie life
our movie starts off aboard the
international space station where a few
members of our crew are attempting to go
on a spacewalk in order to collect some
samples from mars
inside they might find dirt they might
find life they're not really sure this
just seems like a routine check of the
samples
however once the dirt samples are
brought back from mars they find
something truly astounding
they end up finding a microscopic
organism that proves undoubtedly that
there is aliens on mars it's only a
single cell so it's not that scary
the media on earth starts going into a
frenzy and they invite one lucky school
from across the nation to name the
creature
who's calvin
what the actual [ __ ] you're telling me
you didn't name it
cockman69 or bloodripper420 instead you
named it [ __ ] calvin
the movie starts getting extremely
bizarre when the crew decides they want
to experiment
on the alien from the comforts of space
although i think it's better than
bringing the alien to earth where it
could potentially harm other people
it doesn't make any sense it's an alien
meaning you don't know the
qualities of what it can do you never
know if it could come alive and just
start breaking glass or something
so if it were up to me i would
definitely await further instructions
from nasa for them to send up a bigger
crew and better containment before you
start poking it with random [ __ ]
plus i'm sure if you did find the alien
even if you got directed from nasa they
would still want to send up a bigger and
more well-equipped crew than just a few
people
now this is where we're actually going
to try to beat the movie because from
here the crew starts making a bunch of
mistakes that inevitably result in all
their doom
luckily or unluckily should i say for
the crew the biologist hugh is able to
resurrect this alien proving that life
can still exist and that is technically
dormant and not
dead the cell comes to life because hue
exposes it to a different atmosphere
similar to that of prehistoric earth
soon the creature starts to evolve it
goes from a single cell to this
plant-like structure and doesn't seem to
be harming
anyone it's just vibing listen i'm no
scientist but according to the
scientific method i definitely think
that you should be observing the alien
before you stick your finger in and
touch it because you want to get a good
observation of the controlled state
which is the neutral state the alien is
in
this could not only help with research
but allow you to give variables in what
affects its behavior
and maybe stop it from [ __ ] killing
you continuing with the movie most of
the crew appears happy with their
experimentation results
and another crew member ends up having
his wife give birth on earth which is
pretty wholesome
however the baby is soon to grow up
without a father however the celebration
is cut short when the containment
chamber that stores calvin ends up
malfunctioning
resulting in a leakage of the atmosphere
as a result calvin appears to be dead
the scientist hugh decides the best way
to wake calvin up other than restoring
the atmosphere
is to electrocute calvin so he used one
of these electrocute sticks things and
stabbed it into calvin as a result
calvin wakes up gets really angry and
attaches himself to hugh's gloved hand
calvin's grip is extremely tight meaning
the guy can't just pull his hand out of
the glove
so he's trapped there with calvin i have
two theories on how you could get out of
this situation
one is probably something you should try
the other is something only used in
desperation circumstances
the first method is to reduce the
atmosphere back to the previous one
because we could see
calvin ended up going dormant the second
solution is get an eye for an axe and
then drop your hand off
so then you can move your body away from
calvin calvin will take your hand but at
least you won't be able to break the
containment cell
you'll see in a little bit why it's
definitely better to chop your hand off
than do nothing
calvin eventually uses the taser thingy
to rip through the glove and break the
containment cell which is why i'm saying
it was definitely much better to get
your hand removed
still hugh and calvin are inside a
sealed container so the crew have to
decide do they go inside and break
containment to go rescue hugh from
calvin
but risk calvin leaving or did they just
sacrifice you
in my suggestion i would definitely say
sacrifice you because if you go inside
and calvin gets out then everyone's dead
and that's exactly what happens in this
movie we later learned that calvin
doesn't immediately attack you because
hue is too big
instead he goes over to the small mouse
and starts absorbing it
and that's how you gain size and power
so from here if i were the crew i
suggest removing all
organic material from the area the last
thing you want is for calvin to start
absorbing your food and becoming more
powerful
the crew obviously never take my
suggestion because one of them goes in
to try to save hue
he's able to get hugh out but he isn't
able to get himself out in time so he's
now the one trapped in the containment
cell with calvin
what i definitely think they could have
done differently is they're on the
international space station so they have
access to puncture proof and airtight
astronaut suits that they could
definitely use to go inside and rescue
hue
as well as making it so calvin basically
can't affect them
the guy inside probably wishes he has an
astronaut suit because he attempts to
get a flamethrower to burn calvin
we find out calvin is not only fireproof
but he can go inside people's mouths and
eat their organs
and remember each time calvin goes
inside of someone and starts absorbing
them he gets bigger and more powerful
this is why you don't want to invest
more people into fighting him because
each time you do it he's gonna get
stronger
and the flamethrower idea ends up
[ __ ] up the whole thing because
calvin is able to escape through the
emergency vents after the fire alarm
goes
off from the situation you know that
calvin's on the loose inside every space
station there should be multiple air
type compartments that nothing could get
into
including calvin i suggest before calvin
can figure out exactly where you are
bring the entire crew to one of these
airtight compartments and seal it and
bring as much supplies as you can
you could use this place as like a base
where you can figure out what to do next
however before the crew can take my vice
and react they realize there's something
wrong with the ship
calvin has made it outside of the space
station and is now drinking all the
coolant
because of this someone has to manually
go and repair the ship
or else the entire ship might fail
obviously in this situation
every member of the crew is technically
capable of going on the spacewalk so if
you really want to save yourself try to
get someone else to volunteer and go on
the spacewalk while you wait inside the
comforts of the space station
it's evil but it certainly will keep you
alive for longer so that member of the
crew ends up going on the spacewalk to
make the repairs however
as she finishes the repairs she realizes
that calvin is attached to her
calvin breaks the coolant inside her
suit as a result the coolant starts
leaking inside her helmet and eventually
she knows she'll suffocate
she's eventually able to make it to the
door with the coolant inside her helmet
and she starts to drown but instead of
going inside the ship which would let
calvin in
she decides to lock the door and keep
herself outside this seems like a good
idea at first
until you realize calvin immediately
just goes straight back into the ship
through a vent
now this is where the lady on the
spacewalk makes her first mistake and
her last mistake because she [ __ ]
dies
instead of just slowly floating away
from the ship while drowning she could
have used her last energy to grab
calvin cut the little rope right here
and then pushed herself
away from the space station that way
she'll fly away so far
since you don't stop moving when you're
in space she could potentially drag
calvin away from the entire space
station
and save everyone the crew then quickly
realizes that calvin is inside the ship
so they start locking down every
compartment
this may seem like a good idea at first
but they never do a check ahead of time
of where a calvin actually is
so they could be locking themselves with
calvin a tip i can give to the crew is
they should use military tactics to
tactically sweep
every room to make sure calvin's not
there and then lock down the room
perhaps with the aid of a thermal camera
i'm not sure if calvin emits body heat
because it's never
specified in the movie but i'm sure to
release some signature that shows that
he's there
we see minutes later why not tactically
sweeping the rooms and checking to make
sure calvin isn't attached to anyone was
a big mistake because one of the crew
members falls extremely ill
it turns out that calvin was attached
and feeding off his leg the entire time
i have two [ __ ] questions how do you
not feel an alien [ __ ] eating your
leg
and how do the other people let the
alien get to the injured dude's leg in
the first place should there be someone
watching the
injured the crew try to figure out how
to get the alien off the dude's leg
but if i were in this situation i just
let the alien eat the other dude
he's dead anyways so while he's eating
the other dude you and your crew can get
a chance to escape
however of course they don't do this and
they end up freeing the [ __ ] alien
in this situation the only thing you can
do is run however there's three people
in the room so what you definitely want
to do is make sure the first one out of
the room so the alien goes after the
other two people
while running away from the aliens i
realize a good strategy is wait for the
alien to get in view and stand behind a
door the alien will charge at you and
then you can simply close the door
and strand the alien potentially in a
room another strategy one of the
crewmates uses is hiding inside the
sleeping pod
i don't think this is a good strategy
considering you know how strong the
alien's grip force is
so would easily be able to break through
the glass the movie gives a nice pov of
the alien showing the alien eating drops
of blood like in a trail
so what i thought of is you could use
the dead scientists from earlier chop
him into pieces and use him as bait for
the alien
i would not only suggest using parts of
him as bait i would suggest keeping his
body parts around you so if the alien
did chase you it might latch onto his
body part instead of yours and you could
just detach it
i also noticed you could definitely use
an oxygen candle to remove calvin from
your body
so all the crew members should
definitely be carrying one at all times
as they're plentiful all over the ship
we see that calvin eventually follows
the blood trail to the dead guy's body
and absorbs all his mass and calvin
becomes bigger and stronger
i think it should be common sense that
even if he's dead you should either
dispose of him or at least
lock him in a room where calvin can't
access after the crew locks calvin out
of the room and they're stuck inside
they look outside and they see what
appears to be a rescue pot approaching
them
however they contact houston and it's
not actually a rescue pod
it's a pod designed to push the entire
space station into orbit
thus trapping the monster in space but
also the crew as well personally i
couldn't really find a way out of this
other than maybe
lying to nasa and saying you have the
alien under control but otherwise i
think you're pretty [ __ ] if you're in
this situation
cho the dude that was hiding in a sleepy
pod earlier believes it's the rescue pod
because he's not with the other people
so you can't see outside so he goes to
open the door however as he opens it he
starts
slowly getting sucked out into space the
other two crewmates attempt to save him
however they realize that calvin has
attached to himself to his leg
so they realize they're pulling in a
dead man basically honestly if i were
the situation i would cho
i would just sacrifice myself and get
sucked out in space with calvin maybe
saving the other two crewmates
and after the other two crewmates i
would definitely not save cho
one thing i did notice though that
whenever a character leaves the area
they never close the door behind them
how do you not know calvin isn't behind
you
the remaining two members of the crew
out of desperation decides that one of
them needs to sacrifice
there's two final escape pods one
decides that they're gonna lure calvin
in the escape pod and go to space
and the other is gonna take the escape
pod back to earth now can anyone tell
that this plan sounds incredibly stupid
why don't they just lure calvin to the
other end of the space
station and both take the space shuttles
back to earth
unluckily for the guy he never had my
advice in front of him so he decides he
needs to sacrifice himself
so the dude brings a bunch of oxygen
candles to his escape pod
luring calvin inside and then the girl
goes to her own escape pod and launches
up
they both leave the space station at the
same time the final scene of the movie
is left purposely confusing the dude's
pod starts getting controlled by calvin
and the pod starts flying
deep into space or so we think because
it actually turns out
calvin forced the dude's pod to go back
to earth and the girls pod
ends up malfunctioning and going to
space so they sort of swap positions
the pod lands in china an ocean where a
bunch of fishermen are fishing
they open up the pod and they see calvin
has formed a cocoon around the dude's
body and is slowly eating him
now with a fisherman i definitely would
not open a capsule containing an
alien that's best for the government
agencies to handle
now overall i rate this film as not
beatable mainly because you're trapped
on the international space station so
even if you manage to defeat the alien
i'm betting the government is going to
take the safe route and blow you into
space
and that alien is literally
indestructible so you can't actually
kill it
anyways thank you all so much for
watching make sure to like and subscribe
if you enjoyed the video and comment
what video you want to be done next
thank you all so much for the support
we're almost at 9 000 subscribers so i
thank you all so much for that and
hopefully we can get that number up
higher